Uncle Shangguan
Please accept it with a smile.
Okay, okay, you have a heart.
Hey second brother
Don't rush to put it away.
Take it out for everyone to appreciate
What rare thing did your good son-in-law give you?
Ahahaha
Oh, your big brother is right.
The second brother takes out the gift for everyone to see
My old lady
I also want to know what kind of reason
It is worthy of the honor of our Shangguan family
coincidence
Hit the muzzle
You might get away with giving something away.
But you send such a rare item.
Ye Feng
I'm afraid you don't know
Our old lady specializes in collecting.
Ah, Shangguan Linglong
Grandma likes to collect these
You and my father were also educated from an early age
Your dad usually plays a lot of good things less, right?
I'm afraid I've never seen such rubbish before
An inferior person is an inferior person
The first time you come to the door, you will give the old gentleman this broken thing?
Shangguan Linglong
I suggest you listen more to your elders
So as not to make a fool of yourself in public
I read that right?
What's wrong? Is there anything wrong?
This is a treasure of faith
Unparalleled in history